README.md, before:

﻿### What is WebFormsDocumentViewer?
WebFormsDocumentViewer is a simple custom control that lets you embed documents (PDF, Word and PowerPoint) in your ASP.NET WebForms pages.

### How do I get started?
First, add a reference in your web.config to the WebFormsDocumentViewer assembly:

```xml
 <system.web>
    <pages>
      <controls>
        <add assembly="WebFormsDocumentViewer" namespace="WebFormsDocumentViewer" tagPrefix="cc" />
      </controls>
    </pages>
  </system.web>
  <system.webServer>
```

Or on your web page:

```csharp
<%@ Register Assembly="WebFormsDocumentViewer" Namespace="WebFormsDocumentViewer" TagPrefix="cc" %>
```

### Where can I get it?
First, [install NuGet](http://docs.nuget.org/docs/start-here/installing-nuget). Then, install [WebForms.DocumentViewer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebForms.DocumentViewer/) from the package manager console:

```
PM> Install-Package WebForms.DocumentViewer
```

### How to use it?
You can configure the following parameters of the viewer:
* Width: sets the width of the iframe
* Height: sets the height of the iframe
* FilePath: path to the file to be render on the HTML page
* TempDirectoryPath: path for the temporary converted to PDF files (see Word and PowerPoint sections below).

### How to embed PDF documents?
For PDF documents, a simple iframe is generated, so the following line is enough to embed a document:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="~/sample.pdf" />
```

### How to embed Word documents?
Word documents are converted to PDF documents, then rendered in iframe. You should have Microsoft Office installed on the server for this to work.
You can embed a Word document as shown below:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="sample.docx" TempDirectoryPath="~/TempFiles" />
```

If TempDirectoryPath is not supplied, the converted documents can be found in the Temp directory of the project root.


### How to embed PowerPoint documents?
PowerPoint documents are converted to PDF documents, then rendered in iframe. You should have Microsoft Office installed on the server for this to work.
You can embed a PowerPoint document as shown below:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="sample.pptx" TempDirectoryPath="~/TempFiles" />
```

If TempDirectoryPath is not supplied, the converted documents can be found in the Temp directory of the project root.

### Do you have an issue?
Have a bug or a feature request? Please search for existing and closed issues before submitting a new one. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, please open a new issue.

### License, etc.
WebFormsDocumentViewer is Copyright © 2017 Hajbok Robert under the [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

Commit message:

Added support for Excel and fix typo for UI project folder

README.md, after:

﻿### What is WebFormsDocumentViewer?
WebFormsDocumentViewer is a simple custom control that lets you embed documents (PDF, Word, PowerPoint and Excel) in your ASP.NET WebForms pages.

### How do I get started?
First, add a reference in your web.config to the WebFormsDocumentViewer assembly:

```xml
 <system.web>
    <pages>
      <controls>
        <add assembly="WebFormsDocumentViewer" namespace="WebFormsDocumentViewer" tagPrefix="cc" />
      </controls>
    </pages>
  </system.web>
  <system.webServer>
```

Or on your web page:

```csharp
<%@ Register Assembly="WebFormsDocumentViewer" Namespace="WebFormsDocumentViewer" TagPrefix="cc" %>
```

### Where can I get it?
First, [install NuGet](http://docs.nuget.org/docs/start-here/installing-nuget). Then, install [WebForms.DocumentViewer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebForms.DocumentViewer/) from the package manager console:

```
PM> Install-Package WebForms.DocumentViewer
```

### How to use it?
You can configure the following parameters of the viewer:
* Width: sets the width of the iframe
* Height: sets the height of the iframe
* FilePath: path to the file to be render on the HTML page
* TempDirectoryPath: path for the temporary converted to PDF files (see Word, PowerPoint and Excel sections below).

### How to embed PDF documents?
For PDF documents, a simple iframe is generated, so the following line is enough to embed a document:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="~/sample.pdf" />
```

### How to embed Word documents?
Word documents are converted to PDF documents, then rendered in iframe. You should have Microsoft Office installed on the server for this to work.
You can embed a Word document as shown below:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="sample.docx" TempDirectoryPath="~/TempFiles" />
```

If TempDirectoryPath is not supplied, the converted documents can be found in the Temp directory of the project root.


### How to embed PowerPoint documents?
PowerPoint documents are converted to PDF documents, then rendered in iframe. You should have Microsoft Office installed on the server for this to work.
You can embed a PowerPoint document as shown below:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="sample.pptx" TempDirectoryPath="~/TempFiles" />
```

If TempDirectoryPath is not supplied, the converted documents can be found in the Temp directory of the project root.

### How to embed Excel documents?
Excel documents are converted to HTML files, then rendered in iframe. You should have Microsoft Office installed on the server for this to work.
You can embed an Excel document as shown below:

```html
<cc:DocumentViewer runat="server" Width="500" Height="500" FilePath="sample.xlsx" TempDirectoryPath="~/TempFiles" />
```

If TempDirectoryPath is not supplied, the converted documents can be found in the Temp directory of the project root.

### Do you have an issue?
Have a bug or a feature request? Please search for existing and closed issues before submitting a new one. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, please open a new issue.

### License, etc.
WebFormsDocumentViewer is Copyright © 2017 Hajbok Robert under the [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.
